Add overview of different payment methods (#399)
sharetribe/flex-docs: src/docs/background/payment-methods-overview/index.md

The
[default transaction process](https://github.com/sharetribe/flex-example-processes/tree/master/flex-default-process)
in Flex supports card payments. The general article on
[the transaction process](../transaction-process) describes the process
in more detail.

> **A note on Google Pay and Apple Pay**
>
> Even though Google Pay and Apple Pay are comparable to card payments,
> they require some changes to the default implementation of FTW. To
> enable them in FTW, you need to follow the
> [Stripe instructions on the Request Payment Button](https://stripe.com/docs/stripe-js/elements/payment-request-button).

If you wish to enable push payments, you need to change your transaction
process and include new transitions. These should initiate the push
payment and potentially skip the preauthorization phase. When you
request a new push payment, you need to use the new action
[`stripe-create-payment-intent-push`](../references/transaction-process-actions/#actionstripe-create-payment-intent-push).
The example below describes the minimum recommended changes in the two
transitions: `request-payment-push` and `confirm-payment-intent`.

> ![Push payment process](push-payment-process.png 'Push payment process example.')

Reviewer: Minor thing - the "tx process continues" shape could be removed and instead the arrow can point into nothing. I think we've used that kind of notation elsewhere (e.g. here: https://www.sharetribe.com/docs/background/off-session-payments-in-transaction-process/#gatsby-focus-wrapper)

> ## Further reading

Reviewer: I think we could also add a short section explaining that when implementing the new payment methods, the Stripe's own instructions on how to deal with them with payment intents apply and the parts where something is done from server (basically just the payment intent creation), that's covered by Flex and remind that Flex exposes the payment intent ID and client secret through the transaction protected data to the customer.

process in more detail.

> **A note on Google Pay, Apple Pay, and Microsoft Pay**
>
> Even though Google Pay, Apple Pay, and Microsoft Pay are similar to
> card payments, they require some changes to the default implementation
> of FTW. To enable them in FTW, you need to follow the
> [Stripe instructions on the Request Payment Button](https://stripe.com/docs/stripe-js/elements/payment-request-button).

If you wish to enable push payments, you need to adapt your transaction
process. For instance, you need to add a new transition that includes
the
[stripe-create-payment-intent-push](/references/transaction-process-actions/#actionstripe-create-payment-intent-push)
action. Further, because push payments do not have a preauthorization
phase, it is recommended to avoid that in the transaction process and
use an _instant booking_ type of flow. The example below describes the
minimum recommended changes in the two transitions:
`request-push-payment` and `confirm-payment-instant-booking`. The example
illustrates how you can still use the preauthorization step for card
payments.

![Push payment process](push-payment-process.png 'Push payment process example.')

> ### Handling payment methods in the UI

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Handling payment methods in the client app
```

part of this happens in client app's server, part in UI layer

Reviewer: @Gnito which part is happening in the server?

The [default transaction
process](https://github.com/sharetribe/flex-example-processes/tree/master/flex-default-process)
in Flex supports card payments. The general article on [the transaction
process](/background/transaction-process) describes the process in more
detail.

> **A note on Google Pay, Apple Pay, and Microsoft Pay**
>
> Even though Google Pay, Apple Pay, and Microsoft Pay are similar to
> card payments, they require some changes to the default implementation
> of FTW. To enable them in FTW, you need to follow the [Stripe
> instructions on the Request Payment
> Button](https://stripe.com/docs/stripe-js/elements/payment-request-button).

If you wish to enable push payments, you need to adapt your transaction
process. For instance, you need to add a new transition that includes
the
[stripe-create-payment-intent-push](/references/transaction-process-actions/#actionstripe-create-payment-intent-push)
action. Further, because push payments do not have a preauthorization
phase, it is recommended to avoid that in the transaction process and
use an *instant booking* type of flow. The example below describes the
minimum recommended changes in the two transitions:

> `request-payment-push` and `confirm-payment-intent`. The example

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`request-push-payment` and `confirm-payment-instant-booking`. The example
```
